# Release Notes for v0.1.0C

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.1.0C / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan
- `raid_review__0.1.0C_windows` https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file-analysis/Yjg3ZmFkZjFlZDI0MjgzNjkzY2MwNGVhZTU5N2JkNTM6MTcxOTkyODU1Nw==
- `raid_review__0.1.0C_linux` 

---

**THIS IS A TEST BUILD, THINGS MAY BE VERY BROKEN**

### Things to test
- SCAV/PMC and Bosses recognition, are bosses and pmc types recognized properly, including the difficulty and brain type.
- Missing Player, are there any raids where the main player is missing from the raid?
- Muli-raid/Co-op support, [FIKA Required] can you run more than one raid at a time, or have more than one player in a raid, and it show the playback in the raid-review client.

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.

---
### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. [OPTIONAL] Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.x

v0.1.0C is installed as a **new** set of folders/files:

> Please ensure `Step 2` is followed, there are significant changes here, OLD CONFIG FILES WILL NOT WORK.
> Please ensure `Step 3` is followed, if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins` directory.
4. Delete file old RAID REVIEW `.cfg` from the `\BepInEx\config` directory.
5. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.1.0C\`
6. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x` completely
7. Launch SPT Server

---

## What's Changed
- 'Raid_Review.sessionId' now resets between raids.
- Added a 'type' to Tracking Raids and associated definitions and database so that RAID types can be differentiated.
- Changed the 'profileId' for the Tracking Raids and 'sessionId' to use the 'CurrentProfile' from the 'gameWorld' instance rather than the profile of the MainPlayer, as the values can change between raid types and need to be consistent.
- Fixed SQL inserts for the start and end of raids.
- Modified the 'positionsMigration' helper as it was erroring out.
- Drastically increased the profile timeout for players from 5 to 240 minutes to ensure that a player doesn't get disconnected by RR due to a timeout if they are AFK and leave the game client open.
- Updated SQL migration file formats.
- Added a helper to keep a profile alive using the existing '/client/game/keepalive' route that SPT uses.
- Made CSS changes to the Map Playback system, moving the timeline.
- Exposed the Raid Type to the frontend.
- Moved Mod Integrations into a separate folder with sub-files for each mod (right now just SAIN).
- Refactored interactions with SAIN to utilize reflection, consolidating related code into dedicated files.
- Introduced LoggerInstance for broader BepInEx logger accessibility and direct patches.
- Updated 'getBotType' and 'CheckForSainComponents' to utilize reflection.
- Eliminated all DLL references related to SAIN.
- Adjusted 'getBotType' to handle missing methods using reflection.
- Renamed 'DisableRecording' to 'EnableRecording', defaulting to TRUE for enhanced control.
- Implemented notification box for unsuccessful connections to Raid Review WebSocket server.
- Added WebSocketConnection state for conditional display of recording notifications.