# Release Notes for v0.1.0_test_a

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.1.0_test_a / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan
- `raid_review__0.1.0_test_a_windows` https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file-analysis/MWQ4YjhmYWRiNTNiMzIzYTIzYzI5YjNmMTE1ZDU2ZDU6MTcxOTc0OTgyMA==
- `raid_review__0.1.0_test_a_linux` 

---

**THIS IS A TEST BUILD, THINGS MAY BE VERY BROKEN**

### Things to test
- SCAV/PMC and Bosses recognition, are bosses and pmc types recognized properly, including the difficulty and brain type.
- Missing Player, are there any raids where the main player is missing from the raid?
- Muli-raid/Co-op support, [FIKA Required] can you run more than one raid at a time, or have more than one player in a raid, and it show the playback in the raid-review client.

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.
- Requires SAIN v2.3.3, the mod will NOT run without this.
---
### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. [OPTIONAL] Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.x

v0.1.0 is installed as a **new** set of folders/files:

> Please ensure `Step 2` is followed, there are significant changes here, OLD CONFIG FILES WILL NOT WORK.
> Please ensure `Step 3` is followed, if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins` directory.
4. Delete file old RAID REVIEW `.cfg` from the `\BepInEx\config` directory.
5. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.1.0a\`
6. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x` completely
7. Launch SPT Server

---

## What's Changed
- Fixed playback map issue, removed code previously that was critical to rendering, switched back to SVG rendering.