# Release Notes for v0.0.4

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.0.4 / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan


---

### Important Update Notes
- 🚮 We have implemented automatic deletion of raids, review `config.json` in the server mod folder if you want to keep a longer history of your raid history, by default only the last 30 raids will be kept on disk.
- 💻 For you Remote Host / Fika enjoyers, have a read of this before you mess around, or dont [REMOTE_HOST_AND_FIKA.md](https://github.com/ekky-llc/spt-raid-review/blob/main/REMOTE_HOST_AND_FIKA.md).
- 🐧Linux users, you have your own `.gzip`, enjoy (fingers crossed WSL got you the right dependencies)!

### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. [OPTIONAL] Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.x

v0.0.4 is installed as a **new** set of folders/files, so please ensure `Step 2` is followed if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins`.
4. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.4\`
5. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x` completely
6. Launch SPT Server

---

### Contributors (Thank you, thank you, thank you!)
- Chazut `All the SAIN information & extra bot data, so nice, thank you dude!`
- RavenX8 `Remote hostname groundwork`

### Patch Notes

  - [Ekky] Moved `trackingPlayer` reset to the end of the raid, executed only in the `finally` catch block.
  - [Ekky] Added a check to skip execution if the player is detected in the hideout.
  - [Ekky] Created first iteration of configuration file `config.json`.
  - [Ekky] Removed positional data generation from game events; now processes only when the raid is opened in the web client to prevent game crashes.
  - [Ekky] Fixed GarbageCollector functions and post-raid player check.
  - [Ekky] Made playback fixes to reduce icon flashes (ongoing improvement).
  - [Ekky] Added scripts to delete unfinished raids due to crashes or rage quits (alt+f4), and delete old raids if enabled via `config.json`.
  - [Ekky] Improved player integrity check against data stored in `trackingPlayers` dict; now uses array conversion for consistency.
  - [Ekky] Implemented a player check at the end of the raid against the player table (`raidId`), ensuring missing players are reinserted using cached info.
  - [Ekky] Added a start-up check for raids with missing main players.
  - [Ekky] Fixed map scaling issues related to player circles.
  - [Ekky] Resolved issues with legends not aligning with players due to index references instead of `profileId`.
  - [Ekky] Started implementing 'NoOneLeftBehind' function to ensure all players/bots are accounted for at the end of a raid (server-side implementation; client-side pending).
  - [Ekky] Modified Server and Client mods to log WebSocket connections for debugging.
  - [Ekky] Updated documentation for Remote Host/Fika enjoyers.
  - [Ekky] Initiated telemetry for community statistics website.
  - [Ekky] Moved in-game notifications to patched methods.
  - [Ekky] Shifted raid start check to `onGameStartedPatch`.
  - [Ekky] Worked on fixing map layer issues and style selection.
  - [Ekky] Improved map layer toggling system and animation performance using `requestAnimationFrame`.
  - [Ekky] Added functionality for basic authentication to secure the web server.
  - [Ekky] Added config file for server mod to allow port configuration.
  - [Ekky & RavenX8] Introduced dynamic hostname for client in development versus production environments.
  - [Chazut] Adjusted PMC colors to be less similar to bot types.
  - [Chazut] Improved detection for Goons, cultists, and snipers, including color fixes.
  - [Chazut] Adjusted handling to avoid exceptions when using older versions of SAIN.
  - [Chazut] Added SAIN PMC brain type information on the map legend.
  - [Chazut] Added functionality for database migration related to SAIN brain information.

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.