# Release Notes for v0.0.2

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.0.2 / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan
https://www.virustotal.com/gui/url/27c0ccb754afe7af30f6489c7fbaa175373b3c71c2bda9c1fb554fcfef9fab9a

### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.1

v0.0.2 is installed as a **new** set of folders/files, so please ensure `Step 2` is followed if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.1.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins`.
3. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.1\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.2\`
4. Delete folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.1` completely
5. Launch SPT Server

---

### Patch Notes
- Added somewhat of a "protection" against old profiles being passed on from the SPT Server to the mod, these were breaking the UI rendering in the vite app due to expected values. Probably not the best fix, but it worked in my testing.
- Added a 'positonsTracked' attribute to the raidData for the '/api/profile/:profileId/raids/:raidId' route, which then enables or disables the button to view the Map playback in the UI.
- Removed the 'Loot Found' summary in the Raid Overview screen, replaced this instead with a 'Positional Data' available flag.
- Modified the object mappings from EFT Values to expected values to dynamically read map layers, there was issues with Shoreline and Woods do not function in v0.0.1; it would just render an empty screen due to map data not being found.
- Updated ingestion pipeline from WebSocket payloads to use the correct Profile_Id to deal with minimization of profileId mix ups.
- Added a SQL Migration to drop the positions table if it exists, don't need this anymore due to the positions being flat file.
- Added try/catches to the DataSaver.ts utility functions.
- Slight changes to the 'server' build script.
- Added a toggle for the Menu Item, by default this will be disabled so access only works via the F5 menu.
- Removed references to "RAID_REVIEW" in the Menu insertion, changed this to "RAID REVIEW"
- Modified Player Tracking to be enabled by default, having it disabled by default wasn't a good idea for support reasons.
- Updated About Page

---

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.
- [TBC] Installation issuse with the `v0.0.1` requirements to enable `autoInstallModDependencies` in the `.core.json` file, `v0.0.2` is shipped with `node_modules` which should negate the need for screwing with core files.
- [TBC] ProfileId mismatch issues, this patch includes a fix.
- [TBC] Old profiles may conflict with the mod, this patch includes a fix.