# Release Notes for v0.0.3

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.0.3 / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan


### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.x

v0.0.3 is installed as a **new** set of folders/files, so please ensure `Step 2` is followed if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins`.
3. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.3\`
4. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x` completely
5. Launch SPT Server

---

### Patch Notes
- Fixed the looting timeline issue, it was showing that every loot action was someone dropping an item, it now displays correctly.
- Added scrollbar that matches the theme of the web ui.
- Using data provided by another user, fixed issues with map data not loading correctly, and added overflow constraints to the map view that was pushing the playback scrubber off the screen.

---

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.
- [TBC] Installation issuse with the `v0.0.1` requirements to enable `autoInstallModDependencies` in the `.core.json` file, `v0.0.2+` is shipped with `node_modules` which should negate the need for screwing with core files.
- [TBC] ProfileId mismatch issues, this patch includes a fix.
- [TBC] Old profiles may conflict with the mod, this patch includes a fix.