# Release Notes for v0.0.1

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version
v0.0.1

### SPT Version
v3.8.x

---

### Fresh Installation

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Open the `core.json` file, which can be found here `<SPT-Install>/Aki_Data/Server/configs/core.json`
3. Change the `autoInstallModDependencies` under `features` from `false` to `true`.
4. Save
5. Launch SPT Server

> If you encounter an error upon installation that reads "The application had a critical error and failed to run ... command failed ... pnpm install" please refer to a fix was found by "Csxopp", his advice is to "delete the mod files for raid-review, download/install Node.js and pnpm, reinstall the mod and start the server."

### Upgrade

`No previous version to upgrade from`

---

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.

### Features
- Review information for raids such as kills, looting, players, bots, and positional information.
- Basic toggle filters/grouping features to view raid information after the fact.
- Replay and visualize positional movement and events that occurred throughout a raid.
- Follow a specific/player by clicking on them.
- Click on an 'event' in the timeline.
- Focus/highlight a player by hovering over name in the Legend panel.
- Toggle various visulisations to hide and show markers on the map.
- Toggle map layers to see different levels of a map.