# Release Notes for v0.1.0

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.1.0 / v3.8.x

### Virus Total Scan
- `raid_review__0.1.0_windows` 
- `raid_review__0.1.0_linux` 

---

### Known Issues
- Not compatible with Mozilla Firefox, issues rendering the playback system.
- Performance in the playback system can slow to a croll, working on changing the rendering layer to improve performance (WIP).

---
### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. [OPTIONAL] Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.0.x

v0.1.0 is installed as a **new** set of folders/files:

> Please ensure `Step 2` is followed, there are significant changes here, OLD CONFIG FILES WILL NOT WORK.
> Please ensure `Step 3` is followed, if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.0.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins` directory.
4. Delete file old RAID REVIEW `.cfg` from the `\BepInEx\config` directory.
5. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.1.0\`
6. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.0.x` completely
7. Launch SPT Server

---

## What's Changed

The changelist is light because I cannot be bothered to go back and summarise all the commits, but a ton of work has gone into this version.

**New Features**
- Heatmap feature, now available via a toggle in the playback settings. @ ekky

**Fixes**
- Fixed issues with PMC SAIN Braintype not showing up consistently. @ Chazut
- Fixed custom bosses not showing up correctly @ Chazut
- Fixed missing main player issue with re-checks throughout the raid, and post-raid data check. @ ekky
- Fix delay on map playback, better SAIN bot info retrieval, remove getBotComponent retry loop @ Chazut
- Fix bot difficulty being captured and displayed @ Chazut
- Fixed bosses not showing up correctly in timeline and playback @ Chazut

**Refactoring/Improvements**
- Reworked RaidId Generation with a SessionManager for active profiles and active raids, mostly to support Fika, however, this has fixed other wierd bugs.
- Refactored client project structure and functionality @ ekky
- Formatting, logging and testing session manager changes @ ekky
- Unused module clean-up, heatmap implementation & documentation @ ekky
- Converted direct DLL references to SAIN to use C# Reflection. @ ekky
- Converted to use coroutines instead of using a hacky delay for 5fps capture rate. @ ekky