# Release Notes for v0.3.1A

Please find below instructions for a fresh installation, or an upgrade path from a previous version.

### Mod Version / SPT Version
v0.3.1A / v3.10.x

### Virus Total Scan
- `raid_review__0.3.1A_windows` https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/4426c0d20307cf59a4964eb8a6f357de61e6d535153a79372c732f49315318ad
- `raid_review__0.3.1A_linux` https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/1030ac593d3f08b216e238d6cdb85f5289c9d76a595c887374d938cb1235ae7f

---
### Installing

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. [OPTIONAL] Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Launch SPT Server

### Upgrading from v0.X.X

v0.3.1A is installed as a **new** set of folders/files:

> Please ensure `Step 2` is followed, there are significant changes here, OLD CONFIG FILES WILL NOT WORK.
> Please ensure `Step 3` is followed, if you wish to keep previous raid data.

1. Copy `user` and `BepInEx` folders into the SPT Installation just like any other mod.
2. Review `config.json`, and adjust settings to your liking.  
3. Delete file `RAID_REVIEW__0.x.x.dll` from the `\BepInEx\plugins` directory.
4. Delete file old RAID REVIEW `.cfg` from the `\BepInEx\config` directory.
5. Copy the `data` folder from `\user\mods\raid_review__0.x.x\data` to `\user\mods\raid_review__0.3.1A\`
6. Delete the old mod folder `\user\mods\raid_review__0.x.x` completely
7. Launch SPT Server

---

## What's Changed

### Summary of Patch Notes  

- 🌐 **Global Settings & Transliteration**  
  - Added a **Global Settings** screen to the UI, giving users control over toggles. Settings persist in localStorage for convenience.  
  - Introduced a **`transliterateCyrillicToLatin`** function to handle Cyrillic-to-Latin conversions for scav names. This is a quick and effective solution until proper internationalization (intl) tables are added.  

- 🛡 **WebSocket Safeguards & Errors**  
  - Added protections around WebSocket telemetry to ensure they behave reliably and avoid unnecessary overhead that could have been causing crashes.
  - Fixed void errors to improve runtime stability.  
  - Added a notification for when W.
